add multi quota tree user manual (#169)
koordinator-sh/website: docs/user-manuals/capacity-scheduling.md

Capacity-Scheduling is *Enabled* by default. You can use it without any modification on the koord-descheduler config.

> If you want use multi quota tree, you will set feature-gate `MultiQuotaTree` to true in koord-manager and koord-scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use multi quota trees, you need to set feature-gate `MultiQuotaTree` to true in koord-manager and koord-scheduler.
```

...
```
In this case, the Pod is not allowed to use resources exceeding the `Min`.
Since the "Min" resources are the guaranteed resources, the Pod will not be evicted.

### multi quota tree

> If you want use multi quota tree, you will set featuregate `MultiQuotaTree` to true in koord-manager and koord-scheduler.

Reviewer: same error  as above

Author: done
